hello guys and girls the maxi would have
I 'm full of the stupid tick
I noticed today when people before
I run and cough there I have like that
instant air sustained reflex so like it
Immediately start a form you instant
Stop air
I do not know if he's like complex
Did I get infected or the
probably only explains annett
Scheller you have such things
Everything is clear to me for the first time today
done, I'll do it for years
So I really noticed
Today, I think it only once but as
It should not be at all about it
to what the yes but something like that
go and what we yesterday too
I noticed yes I have more or
less saturday sunday monday so the
I have complete holidays over
Overall, I'm not sure
I'll just say 28 hours
witcher 3 played really long me
I have nothing else for most of the day
made by brockens until the evening
in between something was required
that was it has been really long
no longer done so much in a row and
I can he fast again his
plays is really good who somehow
so far it has started with roleplaying
That should definitely be
Buy is the beginning game that
intentionally the thing a bit too
slower so you can take your time
to let
it's just worth it
what I noticed is already too
I still have a lot going on
and if I really have the
did not do anything else the whole day
to play as ingame there dreams at night
from the shit too and it's real
the mega stupid things you
you really imagine yourself like that
by the way, tomorrow at the station can still
other thing is the leak staples and
hundreds of the game would have dreamed
but you get a bit silly in your head
I'm a bit
This morning I have my backpack
so it is why
completely and only on one shoulder
took
I ran that way at the station
Just a little bit here
run up and so far
wobbled if you can imagine
and as they say frankfurt in the morning
at the train station makes it that the people in
rest leave or go out away then
I noticed
somehow
somehow backpack rattled on the
back healthy again sword shape
by gerald markl what you're going to do
or how much must Michael yellow
have played that one of the wobble
his backpack somehow conclusions
it draws on how the sword earns a few salaries
on bridges wobbles or is disturbed
but to come back to the real one
so if I really have so many
player is really on the
ask if I can do it this way
I go out of it that way
Some of them are so serious because if you go
did nothing else during the day
also to play his game
What else is great for you ?
Dream and sooner than I really still
for hours out and something in the
also played here
as we were then as parish priest in the
hairdresser call of duty and so it was
really hours at the lot really
who have really played because unfortunately
we really or I really have from
The whole thing was really taken care of
the stupidest dreams are several times yes me
I have had some dreams since I have
quest rewards so so quest
completed or seen something
you could not even remember that
do everything but I really had
I also dream and want to be there
woke up at night and then got me
asked yes how far are you there now
actually until we get there
it is so hot you do not sit
from the computer and just play it
are completely disturbed
so you can clearly see the
I do not know too much about trends
not if that too in my
advanced age is no me
I am not 43 even if I am today
one has posted on twitter
Are you doing 43 and I have no
eighth otherwise also wrote no
I'm not 43 so that's so bad
it still milk with me
at least not yet
In 33 13 years it looks different
but I do not want any 43 because they ob
it comes in old age but there I had
earlier rather spend hours half life
played cleared of any
funny green shooters shooting
aliens and stuff in the direction though
sometimes you dream right so
worst nonsense I can
unfortunately he is so extreme
rarely remember what was dreaming
I can because only so entirely at
a very small excerpt I remember
For example, I really know that
ever completed by quest
have dreamed popups and at the latest then
is clear now you really turn so
but you can write the comments
like how it is with you so that was
on the whole car did not know it
I got rid of the job
bit 3 gameplay in the background always
said people personally has bought you
the whole
and who was also often dreamed of games
that can sometimes the comments
write
Unfortunately, you can not know it that way
there are some that apparently
I can not influence that
unfortunately you can be happy
choose what you dream as I would
I also choose other things
instead of necessarily now
completed quests and other
You can dream things
choose
yes no comments write if that
fire too is one of the jobs now
conclusion makes it good until the next one
times